docs/01-Block-Diagram/Block-Diagram.md, before:

---
title: Individual Block Diagram
tags:
- tag1
- tag2
---


## Overview
Adrian’s subsystem for TechMinds’ automatic curtain raiser centers on a Microchip PIC18F57Q43 Curiosity Nano running on a 3.3 V regulated logic rail (all I/O at 3.3 V; analog range 0–3.3 V) with a common GND shared through the class 8-pin ribbon. Sensor: a potentiometer sends an analog 0–3.3 V signal into RA0/ADC1, and Button 1 is a digital/parallel 3.3 V input to the Digital I/O block. Actuator: A red LED is driven by PWM on RC2 (3.3 V) for brightness feedback. Team connections: the standardized 8-pin connector exposes this board’s signal pins 1-5 digital, pins 6–8 analog—and, per the team plan, Mihir’s hub board reads Adrian’s potentiometer (analog over pins 6–7) while Adrian keeps local digital (button/LED) to minimize cross-board dependencies; Zane’s DAC also feeds Mihir. Power source: This board assumes a regulated 3.3 V supply (from USB or a team regulator) for the MCU and LED, while any higher-voltage motor/H-bridge power is handled on Mihir’s board; only the necessary analog lines, plus a shared ground, cross the ribbon to keep wiring simple and noise levels low. 






## Adrian's Individual Block Diagram 


![Adrian's Individual Block Diagram for TechMinds Automatic Curtain Raiser](AP_block_diagram.png)

Commit message:

Revise overview for Adrian's subsystem in documentation
Updated the overview section to provide a clearer description of the subsystem's components and functionality, including the power supply and communication details.

docs/01-Block-Diagram/Block-Diagram.md, after:

---
title: Individual Block Diagram
tags:
- tag1
- tag2
---


## Overview
This block diagram represents Adrian’s subsystem for the Automatic Curtain Controller project. The design centers on the Microchip PIC18F57Q43 Curiosity Nano, which manages sensor input, signal processing, and output control. Power is supplied by a 5V 1.5A LM7805T voltage regulator, ensuring stable operation for all components. A Photonix NSL-5162 photoresistor detects ambient light levels, and its analog output is amplified by an MCP6004-I/P operational amplifier before being read by the microcontroller’s ADC input (RA0). The microcontroller processes this signal to determine the light intensity and control the system's behavior. A PWM signal from pin RC2 drives an LED indicator, while a digital input on RD1 receives input from a push button for manual control. Communication between this board and the team’s other modules is handled through an 8-pin connector, where pins 1–4 carry digital signals and pins 5–8 handle analog lines. Overall, the subsystem translates light intensity into actionable control signals, maintaining consistent power and reliable communication within the team’s modular design.





## Adrian's Individual Block Diagram 


![Adrian's Individual Block Diagram for TechMinds Automatic Curtain Raiser](BlockdiagramAP.png)

This block diagram can be found as a PDF [here]()
